Similar to producers and topics,
Kafka consumers are, you guessed it,
rich with configuration options.
In this section, you'll learn what consumer groups are,
and how to leverage them to maximize throughput.
You'll also see how to subscribe to
one or more topics and how to configure your consumer for high performance.
We'll also see how to deserialize data and deal with topic rebalances.
The first configuration option that many developers want to set
on their consumer is the topic to which they wish to subscribe.
Make sure that the Kafka topic you wish to subscribe to already exists.
Otherwise, you risk having the client create itself automatically.
As you've already learned,
this is a bad idea because the producer will
not have the chance to configure the settings as needed.
To disable this behavior, and you really should,
make sure to disable automatic topic creation in your consumer configuration.
Once you subscribe to a topic,
the next order of business is to poll for data.
While your application code will call a poll method,
behind the scenes your client library will be
queuing messages for your application to consume.
Similar to how you configure the producer,
the conflict consumer's data queue can be configured by length, time, and size.